# Finance-Factoring-using-Machine-Learning
In this project we will do EDA on historical data of a Finance Factoring company and build ML Models to predict the duration of any invoice getting paid.
The biggest challenge of factoring is to predict whether an invoice will be paid or not. The factor provides funds against this future payment to the business people by buying their invoice. The factor then collects the payment and charges their interest rate or discounts (if acceptable). If the invoice isn't paid, the factor loses their advanced funds.
Riviera Finance, a USA based financial company, provides simple, flexible and effective funding and account monitoring within 24 hours of verification. Riviera Finance provides up to 95 percent of the invoice funding with proper paperwork submitted, as well as credit services and receivables management. Firms interested in participating in all of these services will receive a full-value package specially designed for their unique financial needs.

They have experienced employees who uses the complex rules to identify the invoice receivables duration. They are using traditional ways of assessing the return receivables duration, which might not be good for the company because as the size of data will increase their traditional methods might not be good enough. They wants to automate their process by which machine learns the pattern out of their data to find out the duration of the invoice getting paid.

Now the question is how this problem could be solved using Machine Learning? While there are many ways to assess & predict the receivables. We will be working with a simple scenario to solve this problem.
